# SalesKing CSV Importer

A SalesKing app to import contacts via csv-files.

you should make sure to clean your csv-file e.g. split "Mr. Test User" into three columns "Mr." "Test" "User".

HINT: If there is no column which is used to identify the contact-type (e.g. client, lead, supplier) you should enhance your csv-file with that column and each row with such type-info. Otherwise SalesKing will create Contacts as Clients which can't be converted to e.g. lead or supplier afterwards.

Advice: If you are not sure about the type give all rows a type called "lead" - this contact-type is convertible into client/supplier after import within SalesKing.

## Developer Info

The app is build with Rails 4 and Ruby 2+ and is working with
MySQL or PostgreSQL.
It uses oAuth2 and has a canvas integration, so a user can use
it wihtout leaving his SalesKing-UI.

### Development Dependencies

Assets are managed via bower and the bower-rails gem. So you should have the 
following running:

* nodejs
* bower

Clone assets into /vendor/assets/bower_components

    rake bower:install

## Getting Started

1. Register a new app to get an app-id & secret in your SalesKing account.

    * Set a unique CANVAS SLUG so it can be reached inside salesking.eu/app/my-import
    * Set the Canvas URL to `http://MY-URL.local/login` <- /login receives the auth POST when a user opens the app in sk/app/my-import

2. Checkout this repo, copy and edit `salesking_app.yml` & `database.yml`.

    bundle install
    bundle exec rake db:migrate
    bundle exec rails s

3. Go into SalesKing at `/app/your-canvas-slug`

4. SSL Restrictions in browsers will prevent iFrames to load (your local) http-site 
into the https-enabled SalesKing install. In Google Chrome look at the very 
right site of the url-input where an icon appears to allow such content.

## Run on Heroku

This app is deployed on Heroku and [you can do it too](http://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/rails31_heroku_cedar). The only problem to be
solved is the creation of the salesking_app.yml keeping the app
key & secret.
Instead of using [Heroku's env_vars](http://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/config-vars) you should use a separate
local git branch where you add the ignored `salesking_app.yml` file:

    # create a new branch
    git checkout production
    # [create salesking_app.yml, remove from .gitignore and commit]
    git merge master
    git push heroku production:master
    # change back to master branch for normal edits .. DO NOT merge production into master
    git checkout master

DON'T FORGET: never push production to your public branch, if you do you need to setup NEW app credentials

## Translating contact-importer

- Edit the translations directly on the [salesking/contact-importer](http://www.localeapp.com/projects/7443) project on Locale.
- **That's it!**
- The maintainer will then pull translations from the Locale project and push to Github.

We want to strictly seperate the localeapp from this project thus if you need to pull locales install the localeapp gem globally:

  gem install localeapp <API KEY>
  
And than add to the config file in .localeapp/config.rb in your root directory the following:

  config.sending_environments = []
  config.polling_environments = [] 


Happy translating!

## Test

Run specs with

    bundle exec rake spec

Test coverage report is created by simpleCov and available after running the
specs


Copyright (c) 2014 Georg Leciejewski, released under the MIT license
